BugzID:  92851 - Futureproof New Reporting API Check (#37)
jenkinsci/vectorcast-execution-plugin: README.md

## Change Log

### Version 0.71 (21 Sep 2021)

> - Updated scripts to use a different method for checking the presence of the
>   New Reporting feature. Later versions of VectorCAST will require this update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated scripts to use a different method for checking the presence of the
  new reports api. Later versions of VectorCAST will require this version of the VectorCAST/Execution plugin.
```

## Change Log

### Version 0.71 (21 Sep 2021)
- Updated scripts to use a different method for checking the presence of the

>   new reports api. Later versions of VectorCAST will require this version of the

Reviewer 2: s/api/API/g

Author: This conflicts with @nbelliot 's previous review

Reviewer 2: It is currently wrong.

Reviewer 2: Seriously, "api" in lowercase *is grammatically wrong*.

>   new reports api. Later versions of VectorCAST will require this version of the

Reviewer 2: This should just say “DataAPI”.

Author: @nbelliot Do you agree on this?

Reviewer 2: "The Python support scripts have been updated to attempt importing a module from VectorCAST's DataAPI/reporting API vs. checking for the existence of a pre-compiled Python bytecode file. Such an approach follow's Python's [\"EAFP\"](https://docs.python.org/3.5/glossary.html#term-eafp) mantra."

(and then don't mention the bit about "later versions" -- a version _today_ and a version after 92851 will both be able to import that module vs. checking for the pyc).

Reviewer: @vapdrs Could you please update the release notes as @andrewvaughanj suggested? Thanks!
